Our Lady of Fatima University Antipolo
In year 2007, a ground-breaking ceremony marked the beginning of the OLFU Antipolo campus to provide affordable but of quality education to the residents of Rizal and its nearby communities. In 2008, the first building –Vicente M. Santos Building– was completed and was spearheaded by Mrs. Racquel Braganza until year 2010. Initially there were 10 programs offered by the campus at that time. The campus during its first operation was nurtured by 39 dedicated faculty members and was assisted by 17 non-teaching staff. In 2011, Engr. Wilfredo M. Basilio became the 2nd Campus Administrator up to the present.

In 2009, Juliet Santos Building (JSB), the 2nd building, was constructed to house the growing student population. This building has the University gym where the University Phoenix Basketball Team practices in preparation for the National Athletic Association of Schools, Colleges, and Universities (NAASCU) basketball competition.

A year after (2010), another building was built –the St. John de Baptist Hall– which accommodated the different paramedical and computer laboratory rooms.

In 2011, the 6-storey St. Catherine Hall was constructed and housed the Fatima University Gallery (FUG) where various art exhibits are displayed and is open for students’ viewing. The FUG is managed by Mr. Robert Bjorn O. Santos, Gallery Director and concurrently Director of the Alumni Affairs Office and the English Studies.

In 2016, because of continuous effort to give quality education, the campus went through PACUCOA Accreditation. These programs are: BS in Hotel and Restaurant Management, BS in Travel Management, BS in Information Technology, BS in Nursing, BS in Business Administration major in Marketing Management, BS in Medical Laboratory Sciences, BS in Psychology, Bachelor of Elementary Education major in Early Childhood Education, BS in Pharmacy, and BS in Physical Therapy.

In the same year, by virtue of the Department of Education, OLFU Antipolo offered Senior High School Program pursuing the Academic track with the following strands; Accountancy and Business Management (ABM), Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM), Humanities and Social Sciences (HumSS) and the General Academic Strand (GAS).